---
title: Scenario 1 - Road Side ambush
short_description:
tags:
- #campaign_1
type: 
players: #pc_charlycastro
ID: 20210627231809
---

## Description

The road back has been long and now to get attacked by Vermlings when all you want is a warm meal and a soft
bed. well it makes you mad. Mad enough to kill these mangly creatures before you collapse from exhaustion.
Ofcourse, the Vermlings have other plans. they gibber about wanting your coin and the meat on your bones.
Nasty things, really. Best to ignore ther ranting an end this quickly

## Objective

Kill all [[20210627230534]] Vermling Raiders (4)

## Interesting things that happened

- the mercenary group takes the iniciative and strikes the front vermling and immobilizing it.
- hatchet gives the killing blow to the immoblized vermling
- The elite Vermling runs towards hatchet and swings his sword at  him striking him
- Hatchet returns the strike with  a barrage of axes hitting the leg of the elite  
  and a nearby vemling allowing him to  running back to safety
- Voidwarden takes advantage of the hurt verling and casts Turn out the light range attack killing it
- Hatchet lunges towards the vemling stunned by the dead corps of the elite decapitaing him with one blow
- the single Vemling remaining ran screaming at the marcenaries but he wasnt even allowed to get near before
  Voidwarden and hatchet striked him dead while running

## Conclusion

You wipe the blood of the last Vermling from your face and your thoughts return to [[20210627222607]]
_loc_sleeping_lion.  surely they got a stew ready by now. It would be so perfectly warm and soothing , and
it's right through that gate- so close, you can already taste it… But then, another thought comes. It is
highly unusual– brazen, rally– for a pack of vermlings to operate this close to the city. Could they be behind
the string of dissaperances? It's a long shot but one worth investigating, especially considering this ambush
sitedoesnt look like their base of operations. there is probably a nest nearby that, with any luck, will have
more information on [[20210627223753]] The missing BlackSmith. And treasure would be nice

## Rewards

Discovered [[20210628001514]] A hole in the wall
